# Frequently Asked Questions

## Q. Why Windows Defender?
(A) Two reasons, its **free** and it’s **good**. First off let’s make one thing clear, Microsoft wants us to think of Windows Defender as more than just an AV. We should really be calling it by it’s full name, the “Windows Defender Security Center” because it really is a suite of security tools all included within Windows 10. I did some searching around to see if it was an actual choice when it came to antivirus (AV) solutions and was pleasantly surprised to find that it is a perfect contender with other AV solutions and made my decision a no brainer. I used [av-test.org](https://www.av-test.org/en/antivirus/home-windows/) and [av-comparatives.org](https://www.av-comparatives.org/consumer/test-results/microsoft-windows/) to come to that conclusion in case you are a skeptic or you just like sources.

## Q. Why set User Account Control (UAC) to highest setting?
(A) I can handle the constant “are you sure? yes or no” prompts that I have to answer for a little bit of additional peace of mind. It is entirely my opinion that your general run-of-the-mill malware or malicious attempts aren’t really going to have the capabilities to bypass your UAC notifications on highest setting. However, that is not to say that there aren’t ways to bypass UAC’s highest setting; I’m just saying that lower UAC settings are more commonly surpassed if an attempt is made. I believe in herd security; I just have to be better at it than someone else. Most malware is typically low hanging fruit oriented which means they just want the easy targets, so unless you are super famous or a high-risk target, I think you are safe from more advanced targeted malware.

## Q. Why are you using VMware Workstation Pro and not Virtualbox?
(A) I am currently using VMware Workstation 15 Pro because my school offers their students free software through an online software catalog, plus its just fantastic and easy to use. Im fairly sure many schools have something similar so if you are a student you should definitely check your software catalog to see if it is offered. If your school does not offer a VMware Workstation Pro license or you are not a student you can purchase a license for $250 from [their website](https://store.vmware.com/store/vmware/en_US/pd/productID.5222154500) (most of the time if you have any professional developement or books and supplies money you might be able to get this approved for either purpose). If that price is too steep, which I'll admit it kind of is, then you can definitely check out [virtualbox](https://www.virtualbox.org/). Virtualbox is free but not quite as nice as the clean cut VMware Workstation Pro so you kind of get what you pay for. Either of these pieces of software will work just fine because you really need the snapshotting functionality to take save states of your vms to revert back to in case we destroy our current vms (this will happen).

I will try and make another tutorial on using virtualbox for the same kind of setup.
